---
title: Log - Phase 3 - Sprint 3 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-3
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Work in progress
- During our latest meeting, we took a deep dive into the current pipeline setup and assessed the needs for the Terraform and Ansible code moving forward.
## Currently Tracking
- Separating Infrastructure: To streamline development, we’re organizing region builds into separate folders, each with its own Terraform run. This way, we can cater to specific region requirements effectively.
- Unified Management: We’re managing both regions using a single tfvars file, simplifying configuration management and oversight.
- Region-Specific Variables: We’re incorporating region-specific variables into the shared tfvars file for more targeted configurations.
- Deployment Order: We’re strategizing the best sequence for deployment, starting with the primary region, then standby, and finally the bastion. This aligns with the pipeline’s approval process.
- Dependency Awareness: It’s essential to have fully established infrastructure before using Ansible from the bastion.
## Next Steps
- We going to take the feedback from this session and integrate it into our existing code and prepare for the next coding session.
  - [ibm-client-engineering/solution-mq-rdqm-aws#7](https://zenhub.ibm.com/workspaces/st5-action-information-center-64343620d0cfd0000f03a114/issues/ibm-client-engineering/solution-mq-rdqm-aws/7)
  - This flight log is being submitted via PR "09/28/2023 Documentation".